Welcome back to Movie Shortens.
Follow us today to a movie titled: 6 Souls
- Shelter.
Be aware, there are spoilers!
Cara, a psychiatrist, believes that multiple
personality disorder is a psychological fad.
After work, Cara calls her daughter, Sam,
who is being looked after by her uncle Stephen
back home.
When Cara is on the way to the airport, she
receives a phone call from her father, who
also is a psychiatrist, Dr Harding.
He tells her that he’ll pick her up at the
airport to meet with a patient, who suspected
to have multiple personality disorder,
At the hospital, Cara complains that her dad
only gives her some medical oddities, and
perhaps including this time.
Harding argues that this case has a whole
new kind of act.
Just then, Cara sits with a patient on a wheelchair
named David.
He tells Cara that his legs are disabled due
to a car accident when he was a young.
Cara does some standard visual tests including
ones with multiple small circles in a pattern
where the numbers 16 and 73 are clearly visible
to normally sighted people.
After some basic tests, Cara comes out to
tell her dad that David is completely normal.
Harding tells Cara to wait for a moment and
makes a phone call to the room.
When David picks up the phone, Dr Harding
asks David to talk with “Adam”.
David first says that there is no Adam with
him.
Suddenly, a loud noise is heard in the room.
Cara is shocked but she returns to the room
under her father’s request.
Here, Cara meets with Adam, who transformed
from David mysteriously.
She proceeds to do the same tests, but Adam
behaves quite rudely and doesn’t answer
it correctly.
He confronts Cara about her husband's tragic
death, attempting to hurt her feelings.
When Cara shows a card of green circles varying
slightly with nothing visible, Adam says it
is a number 7.
Cara nods and places red film over the card,
making a 7 clear.
She then asks him if he is color blind and
he admits to red deficiency since birth.
Adam even stands up - he can walk despite
being immobilized by a wheelchair moments
earlier as "David".
Later, Cara tells Harding that Adam must be
the 'host' and David is the 'alter'.
The whole case is just Adam’s imagination.
She complains to her dad that it was much
easier for her to meet with Adam first.
The two pick up Sam home from Stephen.
Harding hands Cara a box of Adam’s files
so she can take a deeper look.
Cara becomes attached to this case soon after
that as her father insists there is something
very strange about Adam.
Cara meets with Dr Charles.
He first met with David and later transferred
the case to Harding when David became Adam
back and forth.
At this point, Charles’s neck has some blisters.
Cara sees that the two x rays taken strangely
are different although “David” and Adam
share the same body.
However, Cara still believes Adam just makes
up everything about David and she’ll prove
it.
Later, she talks to Charles about the health
files of Adam.
Strangely, he becomes very sick and the skin
is badly rotten.
He even vomits black dust out of his mouth.
There is a mysterious shadow passing his house
at the time.
The next morning, Cara follows David’s information
and finds the way to his house.
She meets with his mother and learns that
David was a real person who became a paraplegic
after an accident.
His mother reveals that David was murdered
long ago in the woods, being abused and severely
tortured by Satan-worshipping mountain witches.
Cara reveals to the woman about Adam, who
self-proclaimed him as David.
David’s mother is a highly religious person.
She believes Adam is possessed and she’ll
help Cara cure him.
Back home, Cara concludes to her father that
Adam just creates a delusion and begins carrying
around a mental picture of David since he
was young.
The next morning, Cara introduces Adam to
David’s mother.
At this point, he is the real Adam and doesn’t
know David’s mother.
When the phone rings, Adam transforms to David
after a very painful convulsion.
“David” talks to his mother in tears,
saying that he misses her so much.
As the mother is skeptical, David gives her
all the details and secrets that only two
of them could know.
David’s mother becomes scared, saying he
is evil and leaves in extreme sadness.
Several days later, Cara decides to bring
David to the mountain where he was murdered.
David recalls the horrible nights and suddenly
becomes frightened, saying that the “evil”
is coming.
Cara decides to call for help.
Just as she turns around, David transforms
again.
However, this time it is not Adam.
He reveals himself to be Wesley, another personality.
Cara again finds that Wesley, a metal band
singer, is dead long ago due to suicide.
She meets with Wes in the room.
He asks her if she believes in science or
God.
Cara answers that she considers herself a
doctor of science, but a woman of God.
When Cara shows him an article about his suicide.
Wes remembers the night he was in a car.
However, he becomes scared and shakes.
He cracks his head backward and returns to
David again.
David tells Cara that evil has been around.
Cara is convinced that Adam again created
another alternative for his mental problem.
She finds the way to Adam’s house.
There, she finds a decomposing body.
Cara immediately calls the police and reports
Adam as a murderer.
She goes to pick up Sam at the soccer field,
only to find her with Adam.
Cara becomes mad, threatening Adam not to
approach her family.
However, “Adam” reveals to be Dr Charles,
the 4th personality to be seen.
At home, Cara asks Sam about the convo between
her and the man.
He asks Sam about her faith in God.
Sam tells him that since God couldn’t do
anything to save her father, she doesn’t
believe anymore.
Sam says her grandpa also has no trust in
God.
Cara finds some rash on Sam’s back, thinking
it as allergy.
Later, Cara talks about the incident at Sam’s
school with her dad.
When Cara tells about Adam lied himself to
be Charles, Harding reveals that Dr Charles
is dead without any reason.
Cara is shocked because he seemed very well
several days ago.
At this point, Harding suffers from bad coughing,
just like Charles before.
Cara watches over the tapes of Adam again.
She notices a huge shadow absorbing Adam while
he is sleeping.
The next day, Adam is arrested about the body
in his house.
The detective asks about a strange symbol
in the back of the body.
However, Adam denies all the charges.
Cara realizes she has seen it at David’s
house and in the mountain before.
She meets with David’s mother again about
the symbol, who eventually shows her the way
to meet with a witch blind doctor named Granny
in the witch mountain.
However, Granny doesn’t want to talk to
her and send her away.
Cara sneaks back and sees Granny cutting open
an old man, sucking out his soul, and blowing
it into a container with a strange symbol
on it.
Granny then takes out a cancerous lump from
his body and sews him up before blowing the
soul back into him.
The old man wakes up seemingly fine as if
he was never ill.
The witch doctor turns and asks Cara if she
still only believes in science.
Granny says that the symbol is the writing
of the mountain and is the shelter.
Later at night, Stephen lets her know that
the shadow in the tape is actually a sound
wave of a freaking voice.
He then tells Cara to see a man for the exact
answers.
Cara pays a visit to a man who tells a childhood
story, showing Cara a mute home movie recorded
by his father.
A long time ago a priest named Christian Moore
came to his city to preach about God, although
he himself did not believe.
The priest said witchcraft and pagan rituals
were unnecessary and people could be healed
by faith.
The flu broke out in town, but people believed
the priest.
When they discovered that the priest was an
unbeliever who had vaccinated his two daughters
and left the townspeople to die, they killed
his daughters.
Granny sucked his soul and blew into the air,
then filled his mouth with dust so that it
couldn't come back.
She cursed his body to be a shelter to the
faithless.
The police tell Cara that they released 'Adam'
to her father and that the body in his house
was the real Adam.
Cara looks at the screen and sees 'Adam' in
the midst of the influenza epidemic.
He is the faithless priest Christian Moore.
Meanwhile, “Adam”, who is now Christian
is returned to Dr Harding.
Cara soon realizes his plan and calls her
dad but it is too late.
Christian has killed Harding and hosts in
his body.
Helpless, Cara calls Stephen and tells about
her discoveries.
He tells her that Sam is ill, just like Charles
and their father, and that a strange symbol
is burned on her back.
Cara asks him to take Sam to Granny.
However, the uncle and niece are then confronted
by Christian, who insists on being Harding.
Stephen is knocked out and injured in the
stomach.
Cara tells Sam to put the call on speaker
and demands to speak to Christian.
At this point, Christian transforms back into
David and collapses as he needs a wheelchair.
Stephen and Sam eventually escape.
The three reunite and rush to see Granny.
Cara holds Sam and tells Stephen to hang in
there with the wound.
However, Granny says she cannot help because
Sam herseldoesn’t believe in God.
Sam will be sheltered with the other faithless
souls.
As Christian enters the house, Cara holds
Sam back to Stephen, who is already dead.
The mother and daughter run away from Christian
deep to the woods.
Sam vomits dust from her mouth, signaling
the transformation.
Christian arrives and knocks Cara to blackout,
eventually hiding in Sam’s body.
Cara wakes up, seeing Sam now is in Christian’s
body.
She holds her daughter in hand for a moment.
Suddenly, she strangles the man before piercing
him through a root from the ground, attempting
to release all the souls in Christian’s
body.
At this point, Sam revives, to Cara’s surprises.
However, the girl’s eyes reveal to be Christian’s.
Like and Subscribe to watch more videos like
this, and don’t forget to turn on your notification.
That really helps my channel.
Thanks for watching!
.